as you can see here in the background we have the htc uan
n8 htc name does not even go entirely
but we have a port of sense 7 on roma skai 3 with just exit
in the last few hours I show them all the news of this now
implementation of the without 7. 0 meanwhile look at this screen
we had the possibility of clearly creating new folders
uniforms for work casarano Sum we have the
the classic new interface of the without 7. 0 2 is indeed possible of
split skin folders various categories folders to come
updated as and
andre death to use all our applications
quad yamaha the new watch we have the new
the source on the clock is not that we have a new possibility first of all vi
I approach a little here, here it is
as you can see now the notifications are divided with all the priorities
and none
a bit like we say on all android terminals
look a little bit here we have the integration with
the new cisl soft keys
how to smile when they go to form cribs I added the possibility of
pull down notifications with this is the key here how to do it
very very simple it will be enough to enter the menu
settings
settings menu that
in the meantime you can see how it does not change compared to the without you though
within customizations
here we can meanwhile choose the new themes
customizable themes as well as a photo
the theme will adapt to labor dominance of color within our photo
we also have the ability to change navigation buttons
never use navigation buttons can be changed up to 4 buttons
as you can see I have added notifications
no one forbids us to raise notifications by inserting a cave in these buildings
quick as well as hd go to rearrange them via ip
keys here
on the right we wait for a little while back or we press as fine as we can
see here we have the theme
home default htc theme which as I told you can be changed
can be changed
or even created by us here we have
a splendid integration is a splendid relationship with our themes
also considering the possibility of creating new ones
not that I also think there will also be the possibility of going there, here they are
install inside the
in the various applications of bari claudio d htc as you can see
there are so many I imagine then
will be implemented also in the future and with the clear arrival of ours
new m9
multitasking ale and not change as you can see remains
almost unchanged even with this version with this rome
on clearly the keys 4
you can go to add a screen or change your car from
Grid card as it was in the past here in the Skype version snaps
allen we also remove in the true look how our drue has been changed
clearly angry at the possibility
to have a slightly different view with this blue background I would also say a lot
pleasant to the eye
as you can see then there are apps because they are in the Rome skai dragona
so don't worry
calculator all defolt apps that don't change at all
marty minando spa I open a message
that changes the keyboard layout
here it is you can't even see up close i've changed you
completely 15 is much whiter within this new rome
of home hdcd this sense 7 ep. 0
to the camera clearly
increases all the news that have been brought by htc
on sense 7. 0 look
nemo will do on white as you can see
now change here we are totally changing the possibility of going to
do measurable cases and in the menu and on the right here we have even the
possibility to calibrate there is our photo here in my world
really lots of implementations
especially when going for panoramic shots
let's get add
and here we clearly have all-round volley out and all the new function can
make a double sequence photo recording especially what it was
and the symbol of m8 so all our implementation is what it is
been up
the feeling perfectly. 0 is also shown on the without seven.
saranana improve
nice things we have a new olympia finder
or rather the unfaithful manual came even faster in my opinion
upload all the contents
perico this is a roma which is the first version then
they are entirely bagasce
certainly as you can see here in the main folder now covered
some applications are included ah. inside the same book folder
if it remains
same if we see if some grid changes
the grid size always remains the same we always have only stocklayout
sum a something graphic that I think changes
eeeh still makes you appreciate more look with a touch on the home there is the
possibility to change our entire screen with the possibility of
edit theme add widget application or change
our background also let them see the classic htc home backgrounds on
sense
seven. zero here we also have all the new backgrounds
that is, but a lot of improvements for this software version u maronna that in
first version so beware made a nice backup if you also want to go
to install
this version of this roma seems to me
quite stable by the time we'll see in the next few days we'll see
clearly, if
other developers too
they will move
on ahahah this verolanuova platform without 7. 0
the moment. dear girls as we always feel at the next video is a greeting
from your oak 87